README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img
    src=".github/logo.png"
    align="center"
    width="100"
    alt="Generative Manim"
    title="Generative Manim"
  />
  <h1 align="center">Generative Manim</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
  🎨 GPT-4 powered generative videos. Concept. ⚡️
</p>


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://generative-manim.streamlit.app">
    <img src="https://static.streamlit.io/badges/streamlit_badge_black_white.svg" />
  </a>
</p>

---

![Preview](./.github/preview.jpg)

## 🚀 Concept

Generative Manim is a prototype of a web app that uses [GPT-4](https://openai.com/research/gpt-4) to generate videos with [Manim](https://www.manim.community). The idea behind this project is taking advantage of the power of GPT-4 in programming, the understanding of human language and the animation capabilities of Manim to generate a tool that could be used by anyone to create videos. Regardless of their programming or video editing skills.

## ⚡️ How it works

For more details, check out the [How it works](https://generative-manim.streamlit.app/%EF%B8%8F_How_it_works) section.

![Blueprint](./src/pages/blueprint.png)

## 🤲 Contributing

Generative Manim is an open source project.

If you want to be the author of a new feature, fix a bug or contribute with something new.

Fork the repository and make changes as you like. [Pull requests](https://github.com/360macky/project-name/pulls) are warmly welcome.

Commit message:

Add Core Development section to Generative Manim

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img
    src=".github/logo.png"
    align="center"
    width="100"
    alt="Generative Manim"
    title="Generative Manim"
  />
  <h1 align="center">Generative Manim</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
  🎨 GPT-4 powered generative videos. Concept. ⚡️
</p>


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://generative-manim.streamlit.app">
    <img src="https://static.streamlit.io/badges/streamlit_badge_black_white.svg" />
  </a>
</p>

---

![Preview](./.github/preview.jpg)

## 🚀 Concept

Generative Manim is a prototype of a web app that uses [GPT-4](https://openai.com/research/gpt-4) to generate videos with [Manim](https://www.manim.community). The idea behind this project is taking advantage of the power of GPT-4 in programming, the understanding of human language and the animation capabilities of Manim to generate a tool that could be used by anyone to create videos. Regardless of their programming or video editing skills.

## 🛠 Core Development

Generative Manim is built with [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io). It uses [OpenAI API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/introduction) to make requests to GPT-4 and GPT-3.5-turbo.

![Blueprint](./src/pages/blueprint.png)

For more details, check out the [How it works](https://generative-manim.streamlit.app/%EF%B8%8F_How_it_works) section.

## 🤲 Contributing

Generative Manim is an open source project.

If you want to be the author of a new feature, fix a bug or contribute with something new.

Fork the repository and make changes as you like. [Pull requests](https://github.com/360macky/project-name/pulls) are warmly welcome.
